paper breakage if bullshit corner
welcome to another video this weekend I
plan on getting the smoker fired up
again so I'm gonna do some more boneless
chicken thighs
I got a few pork chops I found in the
freezer gonna throw those in there and
I'm also gonna make jerky out of pork so
I got a pork roast and it's sitting in
the freezer for two and a half hour
string some beer so I really enjoyed the
chicken with the Franks buffalo chicken
sauce so it's gonna throw the fucking
pepper perfect these Tupperware dishes
our fucking probably as old as I am but
they still work great this one here they
put the pork chops and the pork jerky in
there
alright shit's gonna get fucking real
now
all right so I'm going to smoke this out
with the steak house fucking spice here
from bullseye to fuck out of there it's
gotta throw some down throw some layers
of fucking pork down
put a good truck of my beer in there
that's gonna be fuckin good
marinate it in there all right I'm gonna
let those sit for the next 12 hours in
the fridge then we're gonna pull them
out and put this fucking curing salt to
everything else on the world Lavery
right now I'm just tearing up the meat I
got pork Mountain right there
holding the big storm doesn't come and
fuck up shit but let's get this going
those are all set back up whole bunch of
curing salt and other spices on them
shake it up let's sit again for another
12 hours same with the chicken a bunch
of curing salts in it close the lid mix
it up put some more in dump a shitload
of cayenne pepper in there fucking rice
spicy another 12 hours and those will be
ready to go all right I got the smokers
fire got both side I'm gonna see how
long it's gonna take to smoke it in the
wintertime see if the smoker can't get
up to 200 degrees outside the cold got
my chicken in here got my pork in here
smoked fucking boneless chicken thighs
is better than Kentucky Fried Chicken
I'm gonna throw my pork chops on that
grill as well
everybody said pork Jerky's the shit I'm
gonna find out Hoss my favorite part
when the smoke just starts billowing
this is where the real magic happens
fucking hookers and blow hookers and
blow I just been smoking off my meats
and it turned out really good this is
the pork jerky I put in for like another
half hour pork jerky is fucking good
these chicken thighs I always smoked
holy fuck are they good they're so hot
with the cayenne pepper and the Franks
fucking hot wing sauce it'll burn your
asshole out and then fucking make you
shit blood all right let's try this
smoked pork chop oh fuck it tastes
really good man smoked pork chop is
delish fucking spicy
whoo fucking beer all right trying to
end this video it's smoky pork he was so
good so if you have any questions or
comments post them below and keep on
smoking